[Music]
good afternoon welcome everyone um this
is a regular meeting of the Board of
Trustees El Paso County Community
College District and it's being held
today Tuesday October 29th
2024 beginning at 4:30 this regular
meeting will be held at the ad is being
held at the administrative service
center located at 9050 by count
Boulevard Board of Trustees room
A200 I'll passo Texas 79925 and will be
viewable through the EPCC YouTube
channel referred to the link
https
colum
www.youtube.com
sluser gocc
this meeting is now called to
order roll call please Mr here Mrs
here here Mr Mendes here Dr Graham here
Mr Hager and Miss P will not be joining
us at today's meeting okay and can we
have
um our count legal council lead us in
the
pledge see
correctly to the flag of the United
States of America and to the Republic
for which it stands one nation God
indivisible with liy and justice for
all no charge for that
right item 1.4 approval of minutes this
includes the August 28th 2024 regular
Board of Trustees
meeting motion to approve second any
discussion Mr xer hi Mrs robless hi Miss
naha hi Mr Mendes hi Dr Graham
hi item 1.5 welcome to guests and staff
members welcome everyone and do we have
um anyone for open Forum item 1.6 open
Forum yes we have Brian Iverson who will
discuss occupational therapist
assistant hello good afternoon um so
this is my first board meeting I've ever
attended but I wanted to have a few
comments for you guys
so I've I have found out from people
that they're saying new degree coming
out it's called occupational assistant
degree to give a quick background about
me I graduated from high school two
years ago I right away went into PCC on
Trent Fountain and went in while
fire I'm St a student right
now and I heard of a new degree year
called occupational assistant
but a few people have been telling me
that it didn't get approved or it's
keeps getting
delayed um and i' I've been sure I've
been wanting to be a occupational
therapy assistant from high school
before high school um I graduated top
10% of my class in high school um so I'm
right now I'm currently doing my Basics
still at
EPCC as a matter of fact I have class
tomorrow at
night um
so when I was in high school I suffered
some trauma that made me want to become
a occupational
therapist I I know a few people from UMC
who were my therapists
and they all support me on this
and but my I'm almost done with my
Basics but my point is that I need that
degree approved as soon as possible but
someone told me that it was getting
delayed so I really hope to ask you guys
if we could keep working to get that
degree out as soon as possible for me
cuz I'm like I said I'm done with my
Basics this year this
year but I'm kind of guessing what the
occupational degree would
include and my goal for today was to
hopefully get an answer from one of you
guys about an update on this new degree
I know that nobody really knows no one
should know of the degree I'm talking
about but I found
out and I'm hoping to get an answer from
any one of you today about an update
regarding this thank you for bringing
that to our attention uh Dr sarata will
make sure that someone contexts you with
an answer CU we're not allowed to go
into discussion unless it's an agenda
item okay but we appreciate you coming
coming forward thank you thank you thank
you thank
you item 1.7 presentations by
individuals groups and organizations
item 1.7.1 optional presentations will
be made by the presidents of the
classified staff Association the
professional staff Association The
Faculty Association and the student
government Association
good evening members of the board
president sedata staff and guests I'm
Laura gther president of the classified
staff
Association I'm going to introduce my
officers for classified staff Council
who will probably not be here to to
their work engagements but they are
Cynthia Aras who is vice president at
Mission Del Paso laa Estrada who is our
Treasurer here at ASC Ela Fernandez who
is rights and responsibilities officer
here at ASC Laura Gonzalez who is a
rights and responsibilities officer at B
Verde Kimberly mcro who is also a rights
and responsibilities officer at Trans
Mountain Cecilia Montoya who is our
secretary she's located at VI letia
Montoya who is r and responsibilities
officer at VI as well IA Rangel is the
vice president at R Grand and Norma
Salas is vice president and president
protm at V Verde myself Laura gther
president and I am located at the
Northwest
Campus um all of our CSA officers will
be taking donations until November 21st
for the turkey drive we will be having a
turkey drive on November 22nd anyone can
donate with any of our officers at any
campus we will only take frozen turkeys
on November 22nd by 10 o at each campus
this year we will be donating to three
nonprofit organizations which are the
Winchester House Transitional Living
Center also known as a price center
located on Montana Street elw Pastor
Mission located in Horizon and El Paso
State supported Living Center located on
Delta
drive we will also be donating new
clothing items to the El Paso State
supported Living Center closer to
Christmas we want to remind everyone
that we do this turkey drive for those
who need it most these
organizations distribute these pantries
and know that they their Community is
very grateful for all the donations we
are thankful thankful for your donation
and grateful to be able to help families
in need during this Thanksgiving
holiday we and I speak for everyone in
this Council love to be a part of this
Council to help and listen to any
classified staff member who might need a
lending a or guidance on a challenging
situation at work our constituency group
was happy to give us feedback on
professional development day we were
delighted to hear about the divisions
that participate participated in
professional development we want to
thank those divisions that showed their
gratitude their staff gratitude for all
the great things they have done within
their
Department professional development day
might might be optional for some
divisions yet research shows that these
dedicated days are essential for employ
employees to promote growth engagement
and continuous Improvement not only at
work but self-improvement as well when
you offer training and development
opportunities you build a reputation as
an employer that cares about its
employees when an employee feels appre
appreciated students will also benefit
from the high level of efficient service
they receive employees are the
institution's brand ambassadors they
represent and reflect all the that's
good about the institution an inter
interactive professional development
date helps Foster and engage District
Community provides a mechanism for
recognition among departments and
highlights the unique work of the
institution it is two days out of the
year the administration gets to show
gratitude to staff participating in
activities that will help the help them
stay motivated and committed to their
jobs continuing to refine their skills
in knowledge increasing job satis
satisfaction leading to higher retention
rates within departments that are
already short staffed we have many
resources within our district and we're
lck for all divisions to participate in
future professional development days
showing our employees that the great
work they are doing has not gone
unnoticed this year unfortunately CSA
will not be hosting a Christmas dance
due to conflict with Hall arrangements
as I'm sure some of you know it takes a
village to plan and prepare
hopefully next year it will be bigger
and better and we will have a better
turnout thank you for your time thank
you thank Youk
you item 1.8 Communications item 1.8.1
discussion and review regarding data
statist statistics policies and general
information related to AO Community
College by the Board of Trustees
Dr Graham and members of the board um we
were going to provide an enrollment
update we changed the date of the
meeting Dr Maya is out on College
business uh and then Mr xer I want to
make sure that you know that uh Miss
marufo from the sbdc is at a conference
she will be presenting at the December
board
meeting thank you yes sir thank you sir
yes ma'am item 1.9 Board of Trustees
business items 1.9.1 through 1.9 .4 will
be discussed after executive session
item 1.10 board reports item 1.10.1
treasur report no action is required
this includes August 31st 2024 financial
statements item 1.10.2 president's
report item 1.10.2 point1 Dr William
serata College president will update the
Board of Trustees and audience on recent
events that have transpired at El Paso
Community College yes good afternoon Dr
Graham members of the board I'd like to
begin my report by recognizing Mr Pablo
armendaris and the contract opportuni
Center I'm pleased to report on the
successful hosting of the 15th annual
veterans business conference by the
college's contract opportuni Center the
contract the conference rather serves as
a vital platform for businesses
contractors and vendors interested in
engaging with government agencies it
attracted nearly 2 attendees and
featured 55 booths showcasing a diverse
array of businesses both veteran and
veteran owned this year's participation
underscores the increasing interest in
fostering Partnerships within our
business Community attendees included
active duty military personnel
transitioning to civilian life
reinforcing our commitment to supporting
veterans in their entrepreneurial
Pursuits the 15th annual veterans
business conference was a resounding
success strengthening the ties between
our local business community and
government agencies the collaboration
fostered during this event not only
supports economic growth but also
underscores the college's commitment to
empowering our veterans and local
entrepreneurs congratulations to Mr
paabo adaris director of the contract
Opportunity Center for a successful
event earlier this month the EPCC
fashion Technology Program successfully
hosted the lunch in with Vogue at the
shops at salana this exclusive Fashion
Event was designed to celebrate our
program's Rich Legacy and Foster
connections within the local fashion
community we're honored to welcome El
Paso native Carla Martinez Des Salas
head of content at Vogue Mexico and
Latin America who served as our keynote
speaker Miss Martinez Desales LED an
empowering Q&A session where she
discussed her professional journey and
the critical role of representation in
the fashion industry her insights
resonated deeply with attendees
particularly particularly aspiring
designers and creatives from the El Paso
Community the lunch in with Vogue not
only celebrated our students and faculty
but also reinforced our commitment to
promoting fashion education in El Paso
the event was a resounding success
demonstrating the potential for our
program uh and the dedication of our
faculty to Mentor the next generation of
fashion leaders we look forward to
continuing to Foster Partnerships that
enhance our program and contribute to
the local and global fashion Community
earlier this month the EPCC architecture
program proudly hosted the exhibit
titled Design for Learning the arch
architectural Legacy of El Paso
Community College at Art Space Lofts
this event which opened on October 4th
and ran through October 13th celebrated
the significant architectural
contributions of EPCC to the El Paso
Community and highlighted the
achievements of our architecture
students featuring work from 30 current
and past EPCC architecture students the
exhibit provided a platform for students
to display their creative and Innovative
designs this not only showcased B their
individual talents but also Illustrated
the quality of Education provided by the
EPCC architecture program The Design for
Learning exhibit successfully
highlighted the significant
architectural impact of the college on
our community while showcasing the
exceptional work of our students it
served as a celebration of past
achievements and as an inspiration for
future generations of Architects the
exhibit was co-curated by a talented
team including Alejandra
uh an associate AIA Christian a madis
also associate AIA elas Padia AIA and
Professor hos J Munos miramon
sponsorship support was generously
provided by AIA El Paso El Paso
Community College PRS psrb Architects
and miar and MOA Architects I'm pleased
to report that the leaders from UTP and
the college have officially welcomed the
inaugural cohort of students to the
newly established EPCC UTEP engineering
Academy this Innovative program aims to
enhance access to engineering education
for students in the Paso the Norte
region by allowing them to pursue their
degrees concurrently at both
institutions the EPCC UTEP engineering
Academy enables students to enroll at
both the college and UTEP starting their
engineering education at EPCC before
seamlessly transferring to UTP to
complete a bachelor's degree in civil
industrial materials electrical or
mechanical engineering by combining the
strengths of EPCC and UTEP we're not
only creating new opportunities for
students but also fostering a new
generation of innovators ready to drive
success in engineering we're excited
about the potential impact this program
will have on our students and the
broader Community thank you Dr Graham
and Mr oxer for making time to attend
and representing the board
congratulations to Dr Christian sedine
for being recognized as a 2024
McDonald's trium fador winner in the
category of stem education this
recognition was awarded by a committee
of community members during an annual
ceremony sponsored by local McDonald's
owner operator Richard Castro and
various Community organization
organizations the event celebrates
individuals who serve as outstanding
role model and Inspire our youth
congratulations Dr sine for your
achievements and we look forward to
supporting your ongoing efforts to
advance stem education in our
community I'm pleased to announce that
Dr IET wera the college's director of
institutional Effectiveness has been
selected to participate in the
prestigious Hispanic Association of
colleges and universities Haku and L and
mid-level Leadership program Dr wera is
one of only 54 participants chosen
Nationwide reflecting her commitment and
contributions to higher education the
enl mid-level leadership program is a
six-month leadership development
initiative aimed at enhancing the number
and quality of Latino Latina
Professionals in leadership roles at
Hispanic serving institutions and across
higher education the program is vital
for promoting diversity Equity as well
as inclusion in our leadership positions
and aligns perfectly with our goals at
the college Dr wera being chosen for the
Haku and Lassa mid-level leadership
program is an outstanding achievement
for both her as well as the college
congratulations Dr wera I'm excited to
share that the college has been selected
as one of four colleges to participate
in the Translating opportunity Texas
Project initiate initiated by the Texas
Success Center a division of the Texas
Association of community colleges this
initiative aims to enhance educational
outcomes for multilingual Learners of
English across Texas community colleges
funded by ascendium education
philanthropy the project focuses on
creating Equitable path phas Pathways
for mle students through targeted
research professional development and
strategic planning the Translating
opportunity project will offer
comprehensive support to participating
colleges including research on the best
practices for mle student support
professional development opportunities
for faculty and staff and strategic
planning to implement evidence-based
interventions the college's
participation in the Translating
opportunity Texas Project represents a
significant step forward in our
commitment to supporting multilingual
Learners we're excited about the impact
this initiative will have on our
students as well as the broader
Community the government discipline
successfully hosted a district-wide
voter registration drive across four of
our campuses this initiative aimed to
engage and Empower our students by
providing them with the opportunity to
register to vote in total 240 plus
students were registered at the vi Trans
Mountain Northwest and Mission delb Paso
campuses the voter registration Drive
was supported by several Community
organizations enhancing its Outreach and
Effectiveness the EPCC posos program
member of the student government
Association the League of Women Voters
the
NAACP Delta Sigma Theta sorority and the
County elections office played vital
roles in supporting this initiative I'm
pleased to announce that the college has
been awarded a $50,000 Grant from
Microsoft to enhance our capacity and
artificial intelligence initiatives this
funding will support our project
entitled constructing artificial
intelligence capacity for the workforce
and educational sector in the Border
region the project align seamlessly with
our ongoing hack the Border initiatives
which focus on increasing cyber security
awareness in the age of AI students and
community members will have
opportunities to participate in
activities that incorporated AI tools
and techniques into practical scenarios
these include hackathons dataon and AI
analytics competitions this grant
represents a significant opportunity for
EPCC to lead in the development of AI
education and Workforce Readiness in our
region congratulations to Dr sine Dr
Graham that concludes my report I'm
happy to respond to any questions that
the board may have thank you sir are
there any questions yes sir m not a
question but I would as an attendee to
the uh uh engineering Academy thing I I
want to congratulate you and everything
else that excuse me but I want to I made
a point sort of in conversation there
and I'd like to get it on record again I
I am a professional engineer I am a
registered engineer I made my living as
an engineer I ran an engineering company
and I am a published engineer and I want
to say that all with respect because I
found that a lot of what I have is
something I'd like like to see
Incorporated in this program
officially we can talk about engineering
and and those things but I would like to
see a actual requirement for Public
Presentation and for written
communication because as an engineer in
a in a strict sense as an engineer that
helps you get ahead you you but I think
in a larger sense the ability to
communicate with others is important to
be able to get along and I just happen
to noticed
tonight excuse me that in the larger
sense this idea of communication we had
an a good example in there and I know
this young man that just talked to us I
and I apologize for not remembering your
name but as I was thinking about I
watched him and I think he got up here
and he exemplified real courage okay
this something you need to do if you're
talking about a group that you're not
familiar with he did the important thing
he had courage to get up there he
identified a problem he identified the
presence the the the importance of the
problem the need for the problem his
interest in the problem and a request
for Action okay and that's what get
things done he's a perfect example he
needs to be congratulated for getting up
and speaking about it but that's what we
need and that's what in now back at the
engineering
Academy you can you can I I'm here to
tell you you can do the books and and do
the equations all you want to but if you
can't get across to the boss of
something somebody else they will die
with you at your
disc you thank you sir anybody
else okay item 1.11 consent docket there
is none section two Administration item
2.1 cgc CH ha ffda F lb local tasby
board policies second reading and
approval we have a motion
motion to approve second any
discussion no okay Mr xer hi Mrs robless
I miss naha hi Mr Mendes hi Dr Graham I
item 2.2 DB dbb DC d e a d e a a d e a b
DK DMC ebaa ECC local tasby policies for
first reading review and
comments no action on
that section three
personnel item 3.1 information items
institutionally externally F funded
full-time staff and faculty appointments
extensions resignations and retirements
no action is required section four
Financial Services item 4.1 discussion
and action on the approval to purchase
from bloom USA Inc equipment and
services to install the SP control
system in an amount not to exceed
157,00
$248 move to
approve we have a second M roess second
any
discussion
second Mr exer I Mrs robless I miss naha
hi Mr Mendes hi Dr Graham
hi item 4.2 discussion and action on the
approval to award a contract to Taco
Family Inc doing business as takar Don
Chicho 3 and to the basil Garden LLC
doing business as juice Society to
provide on-site Food Services on a
concession basis at the Northwest Campus
and Rio Grande campus respectfully move
to
approve Mr mes second it second yeah
sorry second any discussion yes yes sir
okay I I look at and we actually have in
our notes on page uh 102 we have the
results of the um scoring at looking for
taco family doing businesses tuer I'm
didn't pronounce it right and then for
the second one and so I have some
questions about I'm not sure who who
attended that but I look on this the
first scoring thing uh when we looked at
Food Services Northwest Campus we have
there was based on 100 point points and
so for the reputation of the vendor out
of possible 10 points there was eight
points awarded I wonder you know is
there a question with reputation item
three the quality of that 25 points and
it only got 20 points is there a
question about the quality do we don't
have adequate quality no this page 102
Dr s okay and then uh pay and then item
four the extent which the good and
services meet the
35 points and it was awarded 29 six
points less is there a question about
that we go then to the real G campus and
we had that 100 points qualified and we
selected somebody that scored only 71.9
five points I in in a classroom 70
points is is your c not so great class
you know I mean I realize that this is
the only people we got only thing but
you know 70 points to supply Food
Services again the reputation in this
case the the uh reputation for the taco
family was six whereas a reputation for
the taco family at the Northwest Campus
is 8.4 is there a difference in their
reputation as to where they are going to
uh to do that it's the same number of
points but but did the reputation rise
or fall depending on the campus the
quality of the store 17.5 points versus
20 points again do they serve better
quality at one campus and the other I
don't understand that and the extent to
which they can do the goods and services
those are nominally the same but I don't
understand I don't understand why that
we're at number one I don't understand
why we're accepting something at 71 if
this is the only one there do we then
even want to offer Food Services number
one yeah we do I mean I'm I'm the one
very much interested in food food secur
insecurity but we don't want food
inadequacy okay and I don't understand
why we're 71 points is there something
we do to work with the people or we can
do something else get better and then
why are we looking at what I consider on
a classroom scale that now I I
understand that but and I understand
there's really no comparability other
than we see the the uh local food
service in the city goes through and
once once a quarter they go and evaluate
all the restaurants and we look if
anybody has less than 90 95 95 points
points you know you don't think you're
going to take your family there to eat a
hamburger or something here we're
looking at said okay 80 points or 71 I
don't know and I know that the point
considerations are totally different
they're not comparable we're not even
apples no we're not fruits and anything
El but I tell you what I don't
understand why we're somebody that's
quality I mean the reputation is not not
there the quality is different it varies
between location what what's happened do
we have the same group or is there why
why is there difference and should we be
accepting stuff like this or should we
be trying to work with people to provide
if this if something better if we're
going to provide and see that that our
students would get food services don't
we want you know good stuff I mean I'm
not saying this is not good but I don't
know it seemed like that there's room
for growth Mr uxer um those are really
really good questions and they're
quantitative based upon two different
committees each location had was
comprised of a Dean a uh for that campus
a student government representative for
that campus and then consisted of the
director of auxiliary Services Mr Juan
Flores and then uh AVP of budget
Financial Services Miss anik so there
were two different committees responding
to your question on the reputation where
one received an eight another one
received a six you have different
committees that were scoring that were
ultim ly averaged into a a composite
score for location as far as the grading
uh the
70 uh these two vendors have been
providing us already their known
quantities their known quantities to us
they are providing his services at other
campuses and we we know their service so
the quality of their services has has
been good Mr exer so so they're good but
but they don't get the numbers based
upon the submission of the documentation
that they provided the committee reacted
to the materials that were placed in
front of them and and compared them to
the nine criteria that we follow to
evaluate and so the committee's
interpretation of the document that each
each uh each uh vendor provided their
menu and how the venue and the menu met
the needs of that of that campus were
interpreted by the committee and
individually graded and resulted in in
the
scoring I I guess if I were to receive
these two occupants and then just
looking at the first one the one that's
common between both we had two different
committees that had I'll choose one
particular deal the uh the reputation
and the quality and it's a different
value but then I would actually want
both groups to get together and say hey
how come y'all evaluate the differently
is did one knows something better than
the other yeah I real individual just
because that's a committee we got to
take their word and that's nothing I
think I would have chased that down to
find out why one one has less and and if
they're supplying good uh good quality
and and doing really good at other
locations is is 71 as a total score
reflective of doing good somewhere
else no those are those are good
comments and and hard to answer the
rules that we follow follow or
prescribed by the purchasing area where
we don't uh co-mingle committees from
different uh
campuses uh so we try to honor the
Integrity of the process is there is
there part of the rules say that the
Committees after they're through they
can't get together and at least talk as
to why they couldn't come up do you have
rulle saying you can't ever talk to
anybody else and find out what else they
may know that I don't know the rule says
you can't do that I I would have to
defer to Mr Gallardo about the rules or
the purchasing
person so Mr xer one thing to keep in
mind is that these are two different
proposals submitted by the same vendor
for two separate procurement
processes with different titles one the
real grand campus that were looking for
a coffee and and a pastry location and
the Northwest Campus was looking for a
full eery so so it's different needs
different proposals different submittal
like looking at two resums for the same
candidate the the rum is being tailored
by that candidate for a
particular so the quality of that
organization will depend on what service
they can provide yes so if they were if
they'd have a better quality if you
wanted to from just to sandwiches to
that and something their quality then
changes with something else yes sir okay
okay and these are rules who makes up
those rules so these are not rules if if
we're looking for an orange and an apple
submits then they're not going to be
that apple is not going to be as
qualified as the orange right okay so so
you know I I understand and we go that
it just seems to me that we have these
evaluations and frankly I would I'm not
impressed on buying somebody uh doing
whatever it is for somebody that's ad if
they've been there for a while and
they've done good
to get an 80 I mean we all work on K12
type thing 80 is just you just got to be
you know and we want a food service we
want a we want a level of services so so
to give you a little perspective on that
for the real grand campus I think that's
the one where the 71 score came to play
uh this is our fourth attempt at getting
a an eery for that campus so we're
willing to accept something we are we
don't have to accept it if the doesn't
want to okay and we can go out a fifth
time but I'm thinking we may I realize
this is the only one and you know and
I've been privy to this and we've been
cha you and I and and some of the other
have been chasing this since I first
went to Northwest Campus almost 10 years
ago and we're not you know when K left
we sort of got you know we we we haven't
been up to K's level I'm sorry we have t
here but we haven't been up to K's level
since then it's a difficult challenge
yes sir especially for the business
providing the services to keep a
profitable okay then what what are we
going to do to do better to get
something better than
70 I mean we can accept this and go
ahead I'm sorry i t time but we we can
accept this but let let's see if we
can't do better for the kids we made
multiple phone calls to businesses out
of the purchasing
department hoping that one of them would
submit a proposal um as a matter of fact
I think our camp
also reached out to people they know
from around that campus at real grand
and like I said this is our fourth RFP
what what's what's what would be the
response to the question how can we
improve the RFP request to get better
performance we pay the vendor to be on
campus oh
okay that be sounds like a
winner we can get the
money right now they pay us well we can
pay them we can
we go there's a bunch of bunch of money
floating in Washington DC right who's
who where's sir Roy H have her write
another Grant request for
that she's good at that okay I'm sorry
it just seems to me
that the numbers just don't reflect them
doing good jobs elsewhere um as far as
Taco families concerned it and I may be
speaking out of turn but I believe that
Dr tenna who is the dean of that campus
is very happy with her service is she
are they as good as k no okay there you
go wait a minute wait a
minute you you took me around almost 10
years ago and if we have a problem on
that campus how come you haven't called
me how come it isn't as good as K how
come you haven't called me and told me
that we you know I I'm I'm the one
that's my school you need to call me and
say hey we need to do something except
wait until I get one of these things for
him thank you sir for the clarification
call that question please on can I oh
I'm sorry just for
clarification this eval these
evaluations are based on the proposal
documentation that they put in right not
somebody actually going and trying the
product and going and saying what is the
service like what is the food like this
is based on what somebody wrote
somebody's proposal these evaluations
are based on that correct yes ma'am
thank you yes and that explanation is
also found on the agenda book call the
question please Mr xer hi Mrs ress hi
Miss naha hi Mr Mendes hi Dr Graham
hi section five physical facilities
there is none section six curriculum and
instruction item 6.1 discussion and
action on the approval of the revised
new credit program certificate in social
media in the amount of 85,681
move to
approve do we have a second second thank
you any
discussion Mr Smith can you give us a
little bit of background on what that's
going to entail it sounds exciting
absolutely uh Dr Graham uh first of all
I want to uh mention at the bottom of
the agenda item you'll see that the
board had actually approved this program
as a level one certificate uh some
meetings back we're presenting it now
because we realized that one of the
courses in the program uh requires
students to pass the TSI pushing it into
a level two certificate so we're
bringing this back uh just to clarify
with the board that the approval is for
a level two certificate but as uh most
folks in the audience are probably aware
social media is a huge burgeoning
industry and we're getting uh number
requests for companies that need social
media experts uh out whether it's
podcasting whether it's uh um a web
presence on Instagram or Facebook or X
um students will be trained to
facilitate those sorts of uh things for
programs and businesses so is there
going to be two levels or it's only one
L it's just one Dr Graham it's a level
two certificate a certificate so there's
not like a pre
certificate no there's could teach that
class okay thank you sir
MH Mr xer I Mrs robless hi Miss naha I
Mr Mendes hi Dr Graham
I item 6.2 discussion and action on the
approval of a new academic program in
polysomnography sleep study Tech in the
amount of $73,500
any
discussion call the
question Mr xer I Mrs robless hi Miss
naha hi Mr Mendes hi Dr Graham hi item
6.3 discussion and action on the
approval of a new occupational skills
award in birth to three teacher move to
approve do we have a second
second any discussion
call the question Mr xer I Mrs robless I
miss naha I Mr Mendes hi Dr Graham I
item 6.4 discussion and action on the
approval of a new occupational skills
award in Microsoft Office
Suite Microsoft Office specialist move
to approve
I second
second any
discussion other question Mr xer I Mrs
robless I miss naha I Mr Mendes hi Dr
Graham I item 6.5 discussion and action
on the acceptance of the Texas Higher
Education Coordinating Board thcb Carl D
Perkins basic Grant in the amount of
89477 move to approve 6.5 6.6 6.7 6.8
6.9 do we have a second
second okay any discussion I will read
items item 6.6 discussion and action on
the acceptance of a grant from the U
from the US Department of Labor do in
the amount of
$16,000 item 6.7 discussion and action
on the acceptance of a grand award from
the James a buddy Davidson foundation in
the amount of $
63,5 75 item 6.8 discussion and action
on the acceptance of a grant award from
the Texas Workforce Commission TWC in
the amount of $31,500 item 6.9
discussion and action on the acceptance
of a grand award from the math circle
network of the American Institute of
mathematics aim in the amount of
$11,000 Dr Graham and members of the
board I'd asked Dr Smith um to weigh in
on these grants as you see appropriate
obviously Carl Perkins is one that we
receive on a regular basis but a a lot
of work went into it as well yeah first
of all uh of course I want to thank the
grants office for all of the assistance
that they do for all of these uh grants
uh Carl Perkins of course is one of our
largest grants that is geared to serve
uh CTE students and so we're grateful
for the state to uh funnel that money to
us it's based on the headcount of CTE
students that we have at the
institution um and you'll see higher
than the
previous yes as we see increased uh
student enrollment in CTE programs that
amount uh increases increased and you
see several um VPS identified as
resource persons on there so we actually
have those funds dispersed not only in
instruction um but also in institutional
research and student services as well to
facilitate the success of those students
so uh thanks to those folks for uh
chiming in the uh James buddy d
Foundation let me ask Dean Joshua VI
alobos to stand up and be recognized um
I I won't venture to guess how many
years in a row we've gotten this but it
started when he was a geology faculty
member and has continued uh uh to this
day so thank you uh Dean Vos for putting
that together uh for us and then um I
want to thank uh Miss fan Chen for the
um math circle grant that she's got uh
for those of you that may know Professor
Chen she is a force to be reckoned with
in the math area um if you subscribe to
her ex- Channel you'll see she's uh
having tutoring sessions on the weekends
and the evenings at the public schools
in libraries she's all over the place so
we want to thank her for her efforts
around there she is not here uh this
evening and then uh let's see which one
did I miss
Mr reer you caught me off guard by by
approving all of them at the same time
uh of course I would like to recognize
uh Mr primit Mr Blain primit associate
vice president of Workforce and
continuing education for the skills for
small businesses uh uh those of you that
don't know uh Mr primich as a Dean at
the viver campus started uh collecting
uh Child Care Grants and continues to
this say we know that's an incredibly
important uh need in our community and
for our
students well in that light it was to
the US Department of Labor for 160 and
the James a buddy Foundation if you want
to comment on those yeah the the Buddy
Foundation one was the one for Dean VI
aobos which uh we recognized and then
the Department of Labor Department of
Labor Grant the Susan Harwood uh Grant
uh that's another one that we've had for
many many years uh it's centered around
risk management and safety in the
workplace and so as you may know we also
receive a large amount of money for the
risk management Institute uh from uh
Texas mutual and so those two grants
taken together uh let us do great things
for risk management and safety in the
region thank you Dr Smith thank you sir
and please convey our gratitude to all
that contributed time and effort to um
getting this funds and getting these
programs going we do thank you Dr good
job it's a lot of
money Mr exer hi Mrs roess hi Miss naha
hi Mr Mendes hi Dr Graham hi section 7
student services item 7.1 discussion and
action on the approval to purchase and
install a new LED scoreboard and led
illuminated sponsor light boxes from Big
media EP big media Inc from the EPCC
Baseball Field located at the vi the
campus in an amount not to exceed
$1,574 move to
approve
second any
discussion call the question please Mr
xer hi Mrs robas hi Miss naha hi Mr
Mendes hi Dr Graham I item 7.2
discussion and action on the approval of
continuing education see e tuition rates
for new
courses move to
approve do we have a second
second Mr
discussion sorry okay Mr exer I Mrs
robbles hi Miss naha hi Mr Mendes hi Dr
Graham
hi item 7.3 discussion and action on the
approval of continuing education CE
tuition rates and for revised courses
move to
approve second
discussion no call a question Mr xer hi
Mrs robless hi Miss naha hi Mr Mendes hi
Dr Graham hi Section 8 community service
there is none would the board like to go
into executive
session executive and close session the
Board of Trustees May conduct an
executive or Clos session pursuant to
chapter 551 of the Texas government
government code for one or more of the
following reasons one consultation with
its attorney to seek or receive legal
advice or consultation regarding pending
or contemplated litigation or for any
purpose authorized by law two discussion
about the value or transfer of real
property three discussion about a
prospective gift or donation four
consideration of specific Personnel
matters five discussion about security
Personnel or devices or six discussion
of certain Economic Development matters
the board may also announce that it will
go into into executive session on any
item listed on this agenda if the
subject matter is permitted for a close
session by by provisions of chapter 551
of the Texas government code any vote
regarding these items shall be taken in
Open Session item 1.3.1 discussion with
legal council regarding dismissal of
lotu styled Jesus a Ortiz versus El Paso
County Comm Community College District
in the United States district court for
the Western District of Texas and El
Paso County Texas number 324 CV
00184 pursuant to section
551.071 of the Texas government code
item 1.3.2 discussion with legal council
regarding a lawsuit styled Catalina
valtier Pon versus El Paso County
Community College District in the 168th
Judicial District Court El Paso County
Texas call number 2024 dcv 2798 pursuant
to section
551.071 of the Texas government code
item 1.3.3 discussion with legal council
regarding an EEOC charge filed by Marsha
Clark EEOC charge number
45320 24
00683 pursuing to section
551.071 of the Texas government code
item 1.3.4 discussion with legal council
regarding an EEOC charge filed by fariba
Ansari EOC charge number 453 2024
01910 and lau styled far bansar versus
El Paso County Community College
District in the 168 Judicial District
Court El Paso County Texas cause number
2024 dcv 2425 pursuant to section
551.071 of the Texas government code
item 1.3.5 discussion with legal council
regarding an EEOC charge filed by
Katherine Gutierrez EEOC charge number
453 2025 0056 pursuing to section
551.071 of the Texas government code
item 1.3.6 discussion with legal council
regarding dismissal of EEOC charge filed
by rundo Vasquez EEOC charge number
2401 836 pursuant to section
551.071 of the Texas government code the
time is now 5:23 and the board is an
executive session
it's 6:39 and the board is back from
executive
session we'll go under item 1.9 Board of
Trustees business item 1.9.1 discussion
and take possible action regarding a
lawsuit styled Catalina valtia Pon
versus El Paso County Community College
District in the 168th Judicial District
Court El Paso County Texas Calla number
2024 dcv
798 no
action item 1.9.2 discussion and take
possible action regarding EEOC charge
filed by Marsha Clark EEOC charge number
24683 no
action item 1.9.3 discussion and take
possible action regarding EEOC charge
filed by Fara Anar EEOC charge number
453 2024
01910 and lawsuit lawsuit styled fariba
Anar versus El Paso County Community
College District in the 168 Judicial
District Court El Paso County Texas
cause number 2024 dcv
2425 no
action item 1.9.4 discussion and take
possible action regarding EEOC charge
filed by Katherine Gutierrez EEOC charge
number 453 2025
056 no
action December 4th and that concludes
our board meeting a reminder that our
next board meeting is scheduled for
December the
4th at 4:30
thank
you thank you
[Music]